c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\School_System\school system\bin\Debug\school system.exe.config
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\School_System\school system\bin\Debug\school system.exe
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\School_System\school system\bin\Debug\school system.pdb
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\School_System\school system\obj\Debug\school system.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\School_System\school system\obj\Debug\school_system.Form1.resources
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\School_System\school system\obj\Debug\school_system.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\School_System\school system\obj\Debug\school system.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\School_System\school system\obj\Debug\school system.exe
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\School_System\school system\obj\Debug\school system.pdb
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\School_System\school system\bin\Debug\schoollib.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\School_System\school system\bin\Debug\schoollib.pdb
C:\Users\DELL\Desktop\School_System\School_System\school system\bin\Debug\school system.exe.config
C:\Users\DELL\Desktop\School_System\School_System\school system\obj\Debug\school system.exe
C:\Users\DELL\Desktop\School_System\School_System\school system\obj\Debug\school system.pdb
C:\Users\DELL\Desktop\School_System\School_System\school system\bin\Debug\school system.exe
C:\Users\DELL\Desktop\School_System\School_System\school system\bin\Debug\school system.pdb
C:\Users\DELL\Desktop\School_System\School_System\school system\bin\Debug\schoollib.dll
C:\Users\DELL\Desktop\School_System\School_System\school system\bin\Debug\schoollib.pdb
C:\Users\DELL\Desktop\School_System\School_System\school system\obj\Debug\school system.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\DELL\Desktop\School_System\School_System\school system\obj\Debug\school_system.Form1.resources
C:\Users\DELL\Desktop\School_System\School_System\school system\obj\Debug\school_system.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\DELL\Desktop\School_System\School_System\school system\obj\Debug\school system.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
